Conformance language updates and refactoring (#29)
AMWA-TV/ms-05-01: docs/Control Model.md

The categories shown in figure **NCA Control Model** are as follows:

- The **Blocks** subtree contains the definition of [NcBlock](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/branches/v1.0-dev/docs/Framework.html#ncblock) - see [Blocks](Device%20Model.md#Blockspecs-and-Blockspec-IDs).

> - The [Workers](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/branches/v1.0-dev/docs/Framework.html#workers) subtree contains definitions of classes that can perform some kind of processing or monitoring function. [SignalWorkers](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/branches/v1.0-dev/docs/Framework.html#ncsignalworker) are specific workers which handle media signal processing.

Reviewer: "some kind of" feels a little imprecise.
Is a "specific worker" different to a "worker"?
Should worker be capitalised?
```suggestion
- The [Workers](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/branches/v1.0-dev/docs/Framework.html#workers) subtree contains definitions of classes that perform processing or monitoring functions. [SignalWorkers](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/branches/v1.0-dev/docs/Framework.html#ncsignalworker) are Workers which handle media signal processing.
```
